Remove discussion about user's compute env from knitting docs (#570)
Qiskit-Extensions/circuit-knitting-toolbox: docs/index.rst

- Circuit Cutting

> For a more detailed discussion on circuit cutting, check out our `technical guide <https://qiskit-extensions.github.io/circuit-knitting-toolbox/circuit_cutting/explanation/index.html#overview-of-circuit-cutting>`__.

Reviewer: A relative link would make the documentation more agnostic to where it is hosted.
```suggestion
For a more detailed discussion on circuit cutting, check out our `technical guide <./circuit_cutting/explanation/index.rst#overview-of-circuit-cutting>`__.
```

> This project is meant to evolve rapidly and, as such, does not follow `Qiskit's deprecation policy <https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/blob/main/DEPRECATION.md>`__.  We may occasionally make breaking changes in order to improve the user experience.  When possible, we will keep old interfaces and mark them as deprecated, as long as they can co-exist with the new ones.  Each substantial improvement, breaking change, or deprecation will be documented in the :ref:`release notes`.

Author: Added an underscore to make the `__` used elsewhere in this doc. It only had one underscore before (probably fine)

Reviewer: Yeah, it's fine except when it's not and breaks Sphinx. :sweat_smile:. better to have two underscores everywhere when we think of it.
